I thought my jokes were bad give me one
reason why I shouldn't have my way to
pull your head off how about a magic
trick I'm gonna make this pencil
disappear oh and by the way the suit it
wasn't cheap you ought to know you
bought it sit
I want the hip position let's wind the
clocks back a year these cops and
lawyers wouldn't dare
cross any of you I mean what happened
you do balls drop off huh you see a guy
like me
I like me look listen I know why you
choose to have your little group therapy
sessions in broad daylight I know why
you're afraid to go out at night the
Batman you see Batman has shown Gotham
your true colors unfortunately Danton
he's just the beginning and as for the
televisions so-called plan Batman has no
jurisdiction he'll find him and make him
squeal I know the squealers when I see
them what do you propose
it's simple we kill the bat if it's so
simple
whatever you don't already if you're
good at something never do it for free
Oh what you will if we don't deal with
this now so
little gamble here won't be able to get
it a nickel for his grandma enough from
the cloud let's not blow you think you
could steal from us and just walk away
yeah I'm putting the word out 500 grand
for this clown did a million alive so I
can teach him some manners first all
right so listen why didn't you give me a
call when you want to start taking
things a little more seriously here's my
card